how long have you been working here
honey and now what are you planning to do
we have a special operation in front of the plant
conducted early in the morning by staff
just set to work as a result
joint action with the FSB department
the city of Mozdok operatives were seized
about 100 tons of ethanol
inspection survey found on
technological equipment for
alcohol production in alcohol storage
ethyl alcohol has been detected withdrawn
objects to study with a view
establish product quality
industrial waste
regularly went underground literally
sense of the word
leased land under cover
agricultural needs was a place
where the bard merged this pit
dug up grief and entrepreneurs
Specially for dumping alcohol waste
the greatest length is about 100 meters
and such drain holes in a small area
arable land
here about 10 for several
years of residents of two neighborhoods Mozdok and
Troitsky villages complained of disturbing
their pungent smell
however, people's complaints to various services
the district remained unanswered the fence
worried constantly smell unclear
chemical composition us ecology still something
where to drain waste products
say that the attackers
acted in general very intensely
and in general and illegally aroused
criminal case under article 171 criminal
Russian Federation Code
illegal business
on the fact of land pollution that is
dumping site
we have the necessary checks
now experts are counting the damage by
According to experts most likely
the groundwater was polluted and in the village
trinity just begins greenhouse
season and people actively use water from
wells